Add notification with images example (#13943)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/matrix.markdown

The target room has to be precreated, the room id can be obtained from the rooms settings dialog. Rooms by default have a canonical id of the form `"!<randomid>:homeserver.tld"`, but can also be allocated aliases like `"#roomname:homeserver.tld"`. Make sure to use quotes around the room id or alias to escape special characters (`!`, and `#`) in YAML. The notifying account may need to be invited to the room, depending on the individual rooms policies.

To use notifications, please see the [getting started with automation page](/getting-started/automation/).

### Images in notification

> It is possible to send images with the notifications. To do so, add a list of path in the notification `data` bloc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to send images with notifications. To do so, add a list of paths in the notification `data`.
```
